Documentation Update (#119)
kossiitkgp/KWoC-Frontend: README.md

- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/): For redefining CSS styles.
- [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/) and [Fontawesome Icons](https://fontawesome.com/).
- And [many more](./package.json).
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Archival
See also [KWoC Docs](https://github.com/kossiitkgp/docs/blob/master/events/kwoc.md#certificates).

After KWoC ends, the website is archived. The stats data (including the total PRs, total commits, total contributors, and individual stats) is copied and added to the site source.

The archived source code is committed to a branch named `kwoc-xx-archive` and hosted on `kwocxx.kossiitkgp.org`, where `xx` represents the last two digits of the year. The archive is also hosted on `kwoc.kossiitkgp.org` until the following year's website is deployed.

The development for the next KWoC website continues in the default branch.

> **WARNING** DO NOT COMMIT ANY PERSONAL DATA TO THE ARCHIVE.
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments
* [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

> > Please update this documentation if you make changes to the KWoC frontend or any other part of KWoC which affects the frontend. Future humans will praise you.

Reviewer: Keep it generic don't mention about frontend specifically, just to stay in sync with the template we will be making. Uniformity is the first step in decluttering.

Author: 👀 
Suggest a new sentence please, sir.

Author: If you don't have a suggestion, I believe we can resolve this :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Also we can make this sentence the template, just replacing KWoC Frontend with whichever project

Author: repository -> project

Reviewer: shifted to another review section. resolving this.

- [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/) and [Fontawesome Icons](https://fontawesome.com/).
- And [many more](./package.json).
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Archival
See also [KWoC Docs](https://github.com/kossiitkgp/docs/blob/master/events/kwoc.md#certificates).

After KWoC ends, the website is archived. The stats data (including the total PRs, total commits, total contributors, and individual stats) is copied and added to the site source.

The archived source code is committed to a branch named `kwoc-xx-archive` and hosted on `kwocxx.kossiitkgp.org`, where `xx` represents the last two digits of the year. The archive is also hosted on `kwoc.kossiitkgp.org` until the following year's website is deployed.

The development for the next KWoC website continues in the default branch.

> **WARNING** DO NOT COMMIT ANY PERSONAL DATA TO THE ARCHIVE.
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments
* [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

***

> > Please update this documentation if you make changes to this project or any other part that may affect this. Future humans will praise you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please remember to update this documentation whenever changes are made to this project or any other relevant project that may affect this one. Future humans will praise you.
```

This looks better imo.

Author: Lo bhaiyya kar diya
